introductory:
  - simple : A simple test to make sure the library is working.
  - imgfilt : A common task in image processing applications is to
    apply a mask to an image. This example can statically compile mask
    filter values into a specialised version of the code, leading to a
    much faster implementation (up to 4 times faster).
  - matrixmult : This example shows some of the loop processing techniques
    that are present in the TaskGraph library (or to be more precise,
    the ROSE/SUIF libraries). It generates a standard matrix multiply
    implementation using TaskGraph and uses the technique of loop
    blocking in order to partition it into 64x64 blocks, which leads to
    better performance.

intermediate:
  - expressions : A specialised interpretor based on the visitor pattern.
  - interpreter : This is an interesting example of a virtual machine
    interpreter that takes bytecode and generates specialised C code
    to execute the bytecode instructions, similar to a Just In Time
    (JIT) compiler.  This particular example contains instructions
    for calculating numerical values, in this case 10 factorial (10!).
    The bytecode interpreter contains C++ and TaskGraph implementations,
    and typically the TaskGraph implementation outperforms the C
    implementation by a factor of 2.
  - skewedgaussseidel : An iterated Gauss-Seidel smoother example which
    is transformed using skewing and then tiling. The header comment
    in skewedgaussseidel.cc shows speedup results for a Pentium 4.

complex:
  - fft : A Finite Fourier Transform inmplementation. See the comments
    in fft/fft.cc for more information.
  - multistage : An example of how to do multisatge programming in the
    Taskgraph library.
  - raytracer : An interesting example - a ray tracer in TaskGraph.
    This example can specialise a ray tracer to a specific scene and
    thus render a scene very quickly (up to 6 times as fast as the
    regular implementation).

others:
  - mathintrprt : A specialised interpreter which demonstrates callbacks
    in the TaskGraph library.
  - mmiter : This example is similar to the matrixmult example.  It uses
    the TaskGraph library's TaskIterative technique in order to
    try several different tiling sizes.  There are two TaskGraph
    implementations of the algorithm here: a hand-tiled implementation
    and one that relies on the tiling/blocking abilities of the ROSE/SUIF
    library to do the actual tiling.
  - mortonmm : This is a recursively-tiled matrix transpose. This
    recursive tiling results in a Morton-order traversal. 
  - mortontiling : Morton layout matrix multiply with tiling.
  - zeros : This is an example of a program that finds zero solutions
    in a specific polynomial.  The example given is the polynomial
    (x-10)(x-9)(x-8)(x-7)(x-6)(x-5)(x-4)(x-3)(x-2)(x-1), which is
    specified as the list p in the code.  The specialised implementation
    runs up to 3 times as fast as the standard implementation.

toy:
  Lots of simple programs to see various concepts of the library.

cell:
 - mandelbrot: Generates a PNG of the mandelbrot set using the TaskFarm class
   to calculate the rows in parallel. Two versions exit, using the type-safe
   and type-unsafe interfaces. The type-unsafe version determines the amount of
   data to send at runtime.
 - pipeline: Constructs a pipeline of TaskGraphs and sends floats through them. 
   Currently only works with primitive types and is intended as an example of
   how a more powerful pipeline might be implemented.

tests:
  Formal tests of the taskgraph library.
